# Microsoft-Foundation-Library
Microsoft Foundation Library: BUltrasonicExpansion Project Overview
================================================================================
   Microsoft Foundation Library: BUltrasonicExpansion Project Overview
===============================================================================

BUltrasonicExpansion Project Overview

The application wizard has created the BUltrasonicExpansion application for you. This application not only demonstrates the basic usage of Microsoft Foundation Classes but also serves as a starting point for developing your application.

This document provides an overview of the contents of each file that constitutes the BUltrasonicExpansion application.

BUltrasonicExpansion.vcxproj
This is the main project file for the VC++ project generated by the application wizard. It contains version information for the Visual C++ used to generate this file, as well as details about the platforms, configurations, and project features selected using the application wizard.

BUltrasonicExpansion.vcxproj.filters
This is the VC++ project filter file generated by the application wizard. It includes information about the associations between project files and filters. Through these associations, files with similar extensions are displayed in grouped form under specific nodes in the IDE. For example, ".cpp" files are associated with the "Source Files" filter.

BUltrasonicExpansion.h
This is the main header file for the application. It includes other project-specific headers (such as Resource.h) and declares the CBUltrasonicExpansionApp application class.

BUltrasonicExpansion.cpp
This is the main application source file containing the CBUltrasonicExpansionApp application class.

BUltrasonicExpansion.rc
This is a list of all Microsoft Windows resources used by the program. It includes icons, bitmaps, and cursors stored in the RES subdirectory. This file can be edited directly in Microsoft Visual C++. Project resources are contained in 2052.

res\BUltrasonicExpansion.ico
This is the icon file used as the application icon. It is included in the main resource file, BUltrasonicExpansion.rc.

res\BUltrasonicExpansion.rc2
This file contains resources that are not edited within Microsoft Visual C++. You should place all resources that cannot be edited by the resource editor in this file.

/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////


The Application Wizard Creates a Dialog Class:

BUltrasonicExpansionDlg.h, BUltrasonicExpansionDlg.cpp - Dialog
These files contain the CBUltrasonicExpansionDlg class. This class defines the behavior of the main dialog in the application. The dialog template is included in BUltrasonicExpansion.rc, which can be edited in Microsoft Visual C++.
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Additional Features:

ActiveX Controls
The application includes support for using ActiveX controls.
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Other Standard Files:

StdAfx.h, StdAfx.cpp
These files are used to generate the precompiled header (PCH) file named BUltrasonicExpansion.pch and the precompiled type file named StdAfx.obj.

Resource.h
This is a standard header file used to define new resource IDs. Microsoft Visual C++ reads and updates this file.

BUltrasonicExpansion.manifest
In Windows XP, the application manifest file is used to describe the application dependencies on specific versions of side-by-side assemblies. The loader uses this information to load the appropriate assembly from the assembly cache, preventing access by the application. The application manifest may be included for redistribution as an external .manifest file located in the same folder as the application executable file, or it may be embedded as a resource within the executable file./////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Additional Notes:

The application wizard uses "TODO:" comments to indicate sections of source code where additions or customizations should be made.

If the application uses MFC (Microsoft Foundation Classes) in a shared DLL, you will need to redistribute the MFC DLL. If the language used by the application differs from the operating system's locale, you will also need to redistribute the corresponding localized resource file, mfc110XXX.DLL.

For more information on these topics, refer to the section on redistributing Visual C++ applications in the MSDN documentation.
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
